1. What is the difference between readdirSync and readdir?
readdirSync is a blocking and synchronous method which means that the program
will have to execute the method first before moving on to the next part of the
code. readdir is non-blocking and asynchronous which means that we can run
another part of the code while the method runs in the background.

2. What is the event loop and how does it handle asynchronous requests?
The event loop is a system in node that allows for the sequential processing
of tasks. They are taken from the event queue and processed sequentially, unless
it is an asynchronous request, in which case node asks the operating system
to notify it when it is ready for processing.


3. Given the following code, specify whether the program is asynchronous and
non-blocking or synchronous and blocking or synchronous and non-blocking.

Synchronous and blocking

4. Given the following code, specify whether the program is asynchronous and
non-blocking or synchronous and blocking or synchronous and non-blocking.

Asynchronous and non-blocking

5. In what order will the console.log statements execute in the code below?

C, A, B

6. setTimeout is a JavaScript function which calls a function after a set amount
of milliseconds. Given the following code, explain in what sequence the
functions will run and why.

The greeting method would be called first but it will time out for 100 milliseconds,
and since it is asynchronous it will run in the background. While that is running
in the background, the hello function will be called. The final output would be:
hello friend.

7. Create a function which utilizes a callback. Make sure to add console.log
statements to understand when your callback function is called.

function doSomething(callback) {
  console.log('First function called');
  callback('Passed to callback');
  console.log('First function finished');
}

function callbackFunction(a) {
  console.log('Callback');
  console.log(a);
  console.log('Callback finished');
}

doSomething(callbackFunction);
